all right I got a 2002 Dodge Caravan the
battery died on it and they load tested
the battery to check and see if it was
bad and in the process of doing so we
think that's what caused it to
completely fried a computer watch what
happens when we try to start it see all
the dash lights come on nothing a bunch
of beeping and hollering and carrying on
turn the key off gauges are wigging out
you come out here you got all sorts of
noises things running and aren't close
to be so we're going to disconnect the
battery so we can reset this and I'm
going to show you a little trick that I
discovered in the process of
troubleshooting this I've got a just a
generic run-of-the-mill code reader that
I use for scanning codes and when I plug
this thing in on to it and turn the key
on scan the codes of course it doesn't
do anything it says it's reading codes
and it says no codes because the
Computers been just unplug but what I
did discover was I was going to turn the
key on and see if I could make it
throw a code wrong the process of doing
that the engine would turn over so -
rather slick little deal because the
engine will start and run this one's got
a little noise when it first starts up
because it's little cold and
cantankerous but as you can see it's
running going my theory is that it sets
the program in the computer to default
mode and so it will run on that default
if we unplug it it shuts it down
see turns it completely off and it goes
back to its oath habits the other thing
see I've got no doors no door locks
nothing works
watch this we plug this back in we also
have doors at windows that work so just
for future information for you guys that
like to tinker with stuff this is one of
those situations that might get your
home on a bind if you needed to